#Big picture of who I am , zoom out on what I am and see me at the surface level


## Past 
 - I am able to deal with mass amounts of stress and workloads. I've built up tough skin over the 7 years Ive been in customer service. I remain cool and composed in all situations of this nature. I take my self out of the equiation when the hammer needs to come down and put my soul back into it when I need to be there for my customers or my colluges. I naturally create a welcoming and positive enviornment, I thrive in an upbeat positive workplace setting. I go above and beyond everyday I get to work, I throw myself into my projects and get overwhelmed in my passion for sattisfiing the raw need i have to make a great name for myself. Learning everyday has become my hobby I cant wait to take down a new topic and go over and over again and again till I have it. Theres always sometime to browse an article, listen to a podcast, watch a video or even a chapter of a book. Integrity and open honesty is the key in the workplace, I know how to handle the opposite and it can get bad quick. Ive learned how to juggle working 80 hours a week and keeping a household together, going to work full time and school part-time. Ive climbed my way out of debt been able to adhear to strict dieting, quiting unnecessary substances like alcohol. I have desciplin and mental control in the work place and in my personal life. Ive tought myself to play guitar and all about synthesizers, I can play a mad drumset, and even make some rad tunes on my pc bruh. I got into technology at a young age and puzzles, love for problem solving, all that came with it too. I learned the basics for Front End Development in my career technical program in highschool. It also taught me that I loved working with photoshop and creating images and designs. Art has always been on the side for me but I have done many pieces in my spare time on my Ipad. 


## Present
 - I love music, growing up music was an important thing to my family. While I was in middle school I started taking lesson learning to play the drums and getting into creating music. While I was learning drums I was also teaching myself the basics of playing the guitar. Then I dived deep into the world of subtractive synthesizers the history the science and how to play them. Altogther Ive been creating and playing music for myself over the past 14 years. Ive been able to adhere to the keto diet eating no more than 40 carbs a day for 3 years losing in total over 50 pounds. Currently I'm learning everything I can to kickstart my career in web development. As well as getting ready to become a father which is very very important to me. As of late I have been seriously examining my finances. Ive already climbed 150 points on my credit score since last year. 


## Future
 - I want to create and lead a team of creators to a better tommorrow. All I want for my future career is to be appreciated and respected for the work and effort I put in. I also like to make my enviornment have as good of a time as I am, and really get involved with my coworkers and collaborate and have fun at work. I would like to one day run my own buisness after I learn somethings. I have a long way to go but I'm hoping to jumpstart my career and learn with my hands on and a good crew to work with and learn from.